>> JOE!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
JOE!
ARE YOU COMING?
>> HEY, KEVIN!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> YOU'RE LATE FOR REHEARSAL.
>> SORRY, I WAS JUST UPDATING MY
TOP EIGHT ON MYSPACE.
( LAUGHTER )
>> BETTER MAKE SURE YOU PUT NICK
IN THERE.
>> DID SOMEBODY SAY MY NAME?
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> OH, SORRY.
NICK, DIDN'T SEE YOU UNDER
THERE.
>> ALSO, DID YOU GET THOSE
TICKETS TO SEE "BORAT" AGAIN?
>> OF COURSE!
IT'S VERY NIIIIICE!
( LAUGHTER )
>> MY WIIIIIFE!
>> MAN, THE THING ABOUT "BORAT"
IS IT'LL NEVER GET OLD.
>> ALL RIGHT, READY TO REHEARSE?
LET'S GET STARTED.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
LET'S
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR.
♪ ♪ ♪
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> JAMES: GIVE IT UP FOR THE
JONAS BROTHERS!
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
♪